React

1. Why we use the npm package with the react?
A. Node Package Manager(npm) is used to install external libraries or packages for javascript. The command which is used to install package is npm install package-name. It is also used to help to make the build of the project. We can also start react application using the command npm start.

2. What is the alternative of npm?
A. The name of this package manager is yarn. This is basically a package manager which is written by or created by a facebook. This is pretty similar as the npm.

3. What is the current version of the react project?
A. In package.json the current react version shown is 18.2.0

4. What is the difference between package.json and package-lock.json?
A. Package.json will keep the details of the application and package-lock.json will keep the details of the libraries and dependencies. dependencies means how many libraries we required.

5. Why we don't push our node modules folder on a git?
A. These node modules are really big in size.

6. which is the most important file in react project?
A. package.json. We can find the file in the root directory.

7. If we do not push this code here then how can another developer will get these node modules and libraries?
A. He just need to run only the simple command npm install and the node modules will be created. npm install will take the information from the package.json and install according to that information.

8. What is component?
A. the piece of code which is reusable again and again is called component.

9. How many types of components we have in react?
A. If we create a new logical thing then we make it with functional and class components. Otherwise if we want to categorize it there are lots of components present.

10. Can we define a component inside the another component?
A. Yes, we can define it. The nested component cannot have the same name with the parent component.

11. Can we use Angular and React together?
A. Yes, we can use it because React is an library and we use it in any framework so that we can use react inside angular

12. Can we use react js without jsx?
A. Yes, we can use it 

13. Can you jsx without react?
A. Yes, we can use even inside the other libraries also like if we want we can use it in angular also without any framework also.

14. Why the data value in one function is updated when we have performed button click?
A. When a button is clicked in a React component that uses the useState hook, the data value is updated because the state is being modified by the onClick event handler, triggering a re-render of the component.

15. Why the data value in one function is not updated when we have performed button click?
A. If the data value in a function is not updated when a button is clicked, it may be due to a scoping issue or an asynchronous operation, or the state hasn't been properly managed using React's state management tools like useState.

15. What is the state?
A. It is a data container such as variable which is used to store details. It is a data collector.

16. Can we use state outside of one component and is the state private or public property of a class?
A. The state is always public. We cannot use it from one component to the another component.

17. Can we use usestate hooks in the class component?
A. No, we can use hooks only in functional component.

18. What are propes?
A. Propes are used to transfer the data or send the data from one component to the other component and sibilings components and child components also.

19. Can we pass a function inside the props?
A. 

20. Can i send html inside props?
A. we have to make prop.children.

21. How we can get the checkbox or radio button?
A. 

22. In react js why we should not use style for showing and hiding the elements?
A. When we use CSS for hide and show it becomes complicated and time taking process. To improve the performance we should use conditional statement in react to show and hide elements.

23. How you can disable any field in the react js?
A. i can disable submit button with using if condition and if above fields are not filled submit button can be disabled and if above fields are filled submit button can be active.

24. can we use normal const here like loggedin?
A. yes Possible  Multiple conditional separeate  varaible declartion                      import React, { useState } from "react";

const Multipleconditional = () => {
  let [islogged, setLogged] = useState();

  islogged = 2000
  

  return <>{
    
    islogged ===100 ? <h1>Hello Loggin </h1> :
  
   islogged ===2000 ?  <h1>Helo login again </h1> :
   
   <p>logouta....</p>
   
   }</>
};

export default Multipleconditional;

25. How we can combine both data like user and password and sent to the api in for just logged in a user?
A.

26. How we can pass data from the child component to the parent component?
A. You can pass data from a child component to a parent component in React by defining a callback function in the parent component and passing it as a prop to the child component, which the child component can then invoke to send data to the parent.

27. Can we pass data function as a props from super child component?
A. Yes, as we are sending function in the child props, we also send the function in super child props.

28. Whenever i remove my product component from here (dom) and want to load the product component again. Is it my previous life cycle continue or new life cycle will be created?
A. A new life cycle will be started.

29. Cna we use props in constructor method?
A. Yes, we use props in constructor method.

30. Can we update state inside a render and inside a component did mount?
A. No, it will make infinite loop like component did update without condition for render.

31. Can we use state in component did update with condition?
A. We can use but we have to use it inside the component did update.

32. can we call apis inside component did update?
A. Yes, we can call it on conditional base. If dont want to call it then we must have to call in component did mount, button click update, any function

33. can we stop component did update?
A. we can stop if it gives false.

34. Which one is calling is first and which one is calling second in should component update and component did update?
A. should component update is called first and if this true then component did update will be called.

35. Whenever if i remove the particular component and component will unmount will this method called before removing the component or after removing the component?
A. It will be called just before unmounting.

36. Parent component is functional component and child component is class component that time this life cycle method is worked or not?
A. It works, it's doesn't matter about the component. It's current component should be class component.

37. Can we use hooks inside the class component also?
A.  It works

38. Can we use useeffect inside the class component?
A. No

39. can we useeffect inside the child function?
A. No

40. Can we update our state inside useEffect?
A. 

41. Can we use style 1 which is normal style and style 3 which is modular style in a single class also?
A. Yes, even on single tag we can modular css, simple css and inline css.

42. what is the alternative of bootstrap in react js?
A.

